README.md, before:

# Stand Up

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kevalpatel2106/Stand-Up.svg?branch=master&maxAge=600)](https://travis-ci.org/kevalpatel2106/Stand-Up) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/kevalpatel2106/Stand-Up/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?maxAge=600)](https://codecov.io/gh/kevalpatel2106/Stand-Up) [![API](https://img.shields.io/badge/API-21%2B-yellowgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://android-arsenal.com/api?level=21) [![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Join-Slack-red.svg?style=flat)](https://join.slack.com/t/stand-up-opensource/shared_invite/enQtMjkwODQ0MTQ1MTg4LTMwYjQyMmViYTc5ODkwODgxNzNlZmQzODAyNDNiMGEzZTM1YmUzZjZkNDAxOThjY2IyZmUxNWQ2ZTM2NDU1Yjg) <a href="https://www.paypal.me/kevalpatel2106"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/paypal-donate-yellow.svg" /></a>
 

Sitting is next cancer.

## Questions
Hit me on twitter [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-@kevalpatel2106-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://twitter.com/kevalpatel2106) or join us on slack [![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Join-Slack-red.svg?style=flat)](https://join.slack.com/t/stand-up-opensource/shared_invite/enQtMjkwODQ0MTQ1MTg4LTMwYjQyMmViYTc5ODkwODgxNzNlZmQzODAyNDNiMGEzZTM1YmUzZjZkNDAxOThjY2IyZmUxNWQ2ZTM2NDU1Yjg).

## License
Copyright 2017 Keval Patel

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

- Created view model in email link verify - Writing tests

README.md, after:

# Stand Up

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kevalpatel2106/Stand-Up.svg?branch=master&maxAge=600)](https://travis-ci.org/kevalpatel2106/Stand-Up) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/kevalpatel2106/Stand-Up/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?maxAge=600)](https://codecov.io/gh/kevalpatel2106/Stand-Up) [![API](https://img.shields.io/badge/API-21%2B-yellowgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://android-arsenal.com/api?level=21) [![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Join-Slack-red.svg?style=flat)](https://join.slack.com/t/stand-up-opensource/shared_invite/enQtMjkwODQ0MTQ1MTg4LTMwYjQyMmViYTc5ODkwODgxNzNlZmQzODAyNDNiMGEzZTM1YmUzZjZkNDAxOThjY2IyZmUxNWQ2ZTM2NDU1Yjg) <a href="https://www.paypal.me/kevalpatel2106"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/paypal-donate-yellow.svg" /></a>


Sitting is next cancer.

## How to contribute?
> Make sure you check out 👉[CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/kevalpatel2106/Stand-Up/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

### How to setup the project?
- Clone the repo to your local machine.
```groovy
git clone https://github.com/kevalpatel2106/Stand-Up.git && cd Stand-Up
```

### How to run all the unit tests?
- Navigate to the root of the project directory.
- Run all the unit tests.
```
./gradlew test
```

### Where can you find the CI build apks and all reports?
- All the artifacts from the CI builds gets uploaded in `.tar` format on the [Dropbox folder](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/6awxaxsd6mkzm5m/AABfNXVzZRnd35AOUckqOgESa?dl=0).


## Questions
Hit me on twitter [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-@kevalpatel2106-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://twitter.com/kevalpatel2106) or join us on slack [![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Join-Slack-red.svg?style=flat)](https://join.slack.com/t/stand-up-opensource/shared_invite/enQtMjkwODQ0MTQ1MTg4LTMwYjQyMmViYTc5ODkwODgxNzNlZmQzODAyNDNiMGEzZTM1YmUzZjZkNDAxOThjY2IyZmUxNWQ2ZTM2NDU1Yjg).

## License
Copyright 2017 Keval Patel

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
